2023-10-11: INTERVIEW: UNICEF has ‘every hope’ for more Gaza convoys - The 20 trucks carried food, water and medical supplies – items that are desperately needed, along with fuel - as stocks in Gaza dwindle, amid fears of increased deaths due to disease outbreaks and lack of healthcare.
2023-10-17: Anti-Islam Indian accounts on X falsely accuse Palestinians of faking war injuries - Anti-Islam Indian accounts on X falsely accuse Palestinians of faking war injuries
2023-10-17: Live: Latest coverage on Palestine-Israel conflict, Day 13 - More than 4,900 people have been killed as the Palestine-Israel conflict enters its 13th day on Thursday. Egypt announced on Thursday it would allow the "sustainable" passage of humanitarian aid to the blocked Gaza Strip through the Rafah crossing, as hundreds of aid trucks wait at the gates of the enclave being bombarded by Israel.
2023-10-18: Why Is the Rafah Border Crossing So Important for Gaza? - After Israel imposed a complete siege of the Gaza Strip in response to the deadly Oct. 7 attack by Hamas, the strip’s border crossing with Egypt became even more critical, as the only point not controlled by Israel where civilians can enter and leave Gaza by land.
2023-10-18: Turkey’s Erdogan: UN Security Council has ‘not fulfilled responsibility’ in Gaza - In a post on social media platform X, Erdogan said Turkish efforts to establish calm in the region had been hindered by the “collective punishment” of Palestinians through air strikes and the deployment of U.S. aircraft carriers to the region.
2023-10-19: How Israel Was Born: History Behind The Migration Of Jews To Palestine – Explained - How Israel Was Born: History Behind The Migration Of Jews To Palestine – Explained
2023-10-19: UP: Police Crackdown Instils Fear Among Those Commenting on Israel-Palestine Issue - Lucknow: Arshad Jameel* has never felt so insecure about his job as a government teacher. His anxiety comes in the wake of ongoing action described by the Yogi Adityanath-led government in Uttar Pradesh as a ‘crackdown’ on those supporting Palestine amid the ongoing Israel-Hamas conflict in West Asia.
2023-10-19: Hundreds of Hamas infrastructures destroyed, says Israel military - Jerusalem, Oct 19 (IANS) As the raging conflict between Israel and the Hamas continued for the 13th day on Thursday, the Israel Defense Forces said that hundreds of infrastructures linked to the Palestinian militant group have been destroyed since the beginning of the war on October 7.
2023-10-19: Israel: Last gasp for diplomacy before Gaza invasion? - There’s a growing demand from many leaders around the world to get humanitarian aid into Gaza – where food, water and fuel are now in critically short supply.
2023-10-19: Into the abyss - For those who have been going red in the face arguing for the need to stamp out offensive, derogatory, and defamatory posts online, the Gaza War has confirmed that the monster known as social media has tipped us into the abyss. There is no coming back from a situation wherein a grandmother’s murder by Hamas terrorists was photographed by her executioners and posted to her Facebook account. The brutal, inhumane video appeared on her grandson’s Facebook ‘news feed’ and on that of her friends and family members because it was uploaded from her own account. Is this an extreme example of the grotesqueness of social media?
2023-10-19: ‘This is a massacre’ - GAZA CITY (AFP) – Gazans combed through the debris of the devastated hospital, collecting the bodies of the dead in the battered enclave on Wednesday, hours after a strike killed hundreds sheltering at the facility.
2023-10-19: Israel continuing crimes could lead to entry of other actors - Following the escalation of the Zionist regime's crimes against the oppressed people of Gaza, Chief of Staff of the Iranian Armed Forces Major General Mohammad Bagheri held a telephone conversation with Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu and Qatari Defence Minister Khalid bin Mohammed Al-Attiyah.
2023-10-19: Digital infrastructure needed for long-term AI adoption in medical imaging - Industry experts discussed the future role of AI in medical imaging at the Med-Tech World Conference in Valletta, Malta held on 19-20 October. Image credit: Robert Barrie/GlobalData.
2023-10-19: Doctors warn of 'catastrophic' conditions in Gaza hospitals as medical supplies dwindle - Live updates: Follow the latest news on Israel-Gaza
2023-10-19: Israel bombs 19 hospitals in Gaza - The enclave’s Health Ministry on Thursday said the Israeli Army struck 19 health facilities in the Gaza Strip, with at least four hospitals stopping operations due to shelling.
2023-10-19: ‘The Whole Health System Is Collapsing Around Us.’ Doctors Say Gaza Is on the Brink - Even before this week’s deadly hospital blast, Gaza’s health system was already on the brink of collapse. At least 3,700 Palestinians in Gaza have been declared dead since the beginning of the Israeli-Hamas war, and an estimated 12,000 have been injured, according to the Gaza Health Ministry. Gaza’s health system has faced a huge influx of emergency patients, while at the same time suffering the effects of bombardment and having utilities cut.
2023-10-20: Live: Latest developments in Palestine-Israel conflict, Day 15 - The Palestine-Israel conflict enters its 15th day on Saturday. The Israeli Defense Ministry announced an evacuation plan on Friday for the residents of Kiryat Shmona, a northern city near the border with Lebanon, without specifying a reason why. U.S. President Joe Biden delivered an Oval Office speech on Thursday as he prepares to request additional billions of dollars in military assistance for Israel and Ukraine. Join CGTN for more updates of this conflict and complex issue.
2023-10-20: InFocus Ep. 255: Beyond Israel and Hamas: Who else influences the conflict? - The current flare-up of violence between Israel and Palestine has lasted for over ten days, with the death toll on both sides continuing to climb. At a glance, it appears that it's the relentless exchange of fire between Israel and Hamas that defines the escalating situation. However, as smoke shrouds the scene, questions arise: Is this narrative woven with more complex threads beyond the two primary actors?
2023-10-20: Gaza: “There is no safe place in Gaza” - Gaza: “There is no safe place in Gaza”
2023-10-20: Explained: Who are Palestinians? - Oversimplification of Palestinian identity diminishes their rich and complicated history and reduces the decades-long struggle to a solely religious war.
2023-10-20: Discussion | Conflict In Israel & Palestine, Protests In Universities Halfway Across World | Updates - Discussion | Conflict In Israel & Palestine, Protests In Universities Halfway Across World | Updates
2023-10-20: Navigating the Complex Web of Gaza: A Comprehensive Overview - Gaza has been a focal point of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict for many decades. It has been the site of multiple wars and military operations, most notably in 2008-2009, 2012, and 2014.
2023-10-20: ‘Will See Gaza From Inside’: Israel Challenges Hamas As IDF Gets Ready For Mega Ground Offensive - ‘Will See Gaza From Inside’: Israel Challenges Hamas As IDF Gets Ready For Mega Ground Offensive
2023-10-20: Doctor Describes Horrific Incident in Gaza Hospital - Gaza doctor’s harrowing experience: Missile strike, collapsed hospital ceiling.
2023-10-20: Rockets Fired From Lebanon To Israeli Territory, Military Communication Tower Targeted | Watch Footage - Rockets Fired From Lebanon To Israeli Territory, Military Communication Tower Targeted | Watch Footage
2023-10-20: Israel Shows World Gaza Missile Strikes Taking Out Hamas Operative Who Was Part of Oct. 7 Massacre - The Israeli Defense Forces say they stuck more than 100 targets in Gaza connected to Hamas and killed an operative who took part in the raids on Israel on Oct. 7.
2023-10-20: Israel-Gaza war: Gaza condition worsens as 7 hospitals, 21 heath centres out of service, 64 medical staff members killed in ongoing conflict - Israel-Gaza war: Gaza condition worsens amid the ongoing Israeli airstrikes as seven hospitals and 21 primary healthcare centers in Gaza to become "out of service." Additionally, 64 medical staff members have lost their lives in the ongoing conflict.
2023-10-20: ‘Full ceiling of operating cell fell on us’: Doctor recounts horrific incident at Gaza hospital - Amid the ongoing Israel-Hamas war, a doctor working in Gaza has revealed a horrifying incident he went through after a huge blast hit the Al-Ahli Arab hospital and netizens have been left disturbed. The ceiling of the operation room fell down while the procedure was going on.
2023-10-20: Gaza’s Shifa Hospital: medical centre or Hamas headquarters? - Browse > Home Featured Articles / Gaza's Shifa Hospital: medical centre or Hamas headquarters? – J-Wire
2023-10-20: Another Hospital in Gaza Is Bleeding - The New Yorker has been speaking with doctors at a hospital in southern Gaza, Nasser Medical Center, where conditions have been rapidly deteriorating during the Israeli bombing campaign. Scroll down to read the report, and turn on audio to hear excerpts of the interviews. Dr. Omar al-Najjar : This war began at its peak. Began at peak destruction. The New Yorker : Have you lost hope in living in Gaza? Dr. Omar al-Najjar : Gaza is the place we were born and raised. However much they try to frighten and scare us, I agree with my family that I can’t ever leave Gaza.
2023-10-21: From Nakba To Intifada: A Glossary Of Terms From Israel-Palestine Conflict - Nakba: In Arabic, Nakba means ‘catastrophe’ or ‘disaster’. In 1948, around 7,00,000 Palestinians—almost 80 per cent of the total population—had been expelled from their homeland giving birth to Israel. Every year Palestinians observe Nakba Day on May 15 to commemorate the mass displacement.
2023-10-21: Devil's Advocates Play the Blame Game - TEHRAN- “Israel May Erase Hamas But Iran Has Already Won” is the title of an article posted on the Bloomberg website on October 11.
2023-10-21: Palestine Red Crescent Society appeals to evacuate Al-Quds hospital in Gaza to prevent disaster - Tel Aviv [Israel], October 21 (ANI): The Palestine Red Crescent Society (RCS) on Friday made an urgent appeal for the evacuation of Al-Quds Hospital in northern Gaza to prevent another tragic incident like Al-Ahli Hospital, reported The Times of Israel. HT Image
2023-10-21: Israel urges evacuation of Gaza hospital, five schools; Hamas releases two US hostages - Gaza Strip: Israel warned humanitarian groups in the Gaza Strip on Friday to evacuate a major hospital and five schools ahead of a potential strike, aid agencies said.
2023-10-22: Surat diamond workers face gloomy Diwali as conflicts abroad hit business - In a normal year, Diwali is the time for a sales boom, and salary bonus and gifts for the workers, in diamond hub Surat. But this year, thousands of skilled diamond polishers engaged in the business are staring at a gloomy picture and a possible salary cut. This is because of a slowdown in business primarily due to conflicts abroad, first the Russia-Ukraine war and then the Israel-Hamas war, according to diamond traders.
2023-10-22: Live: Latest developments in Palestine-Israel conflict, Day 17 - The latest escalation in the Palestine-Israel conflict enters its 17th day on Monday. About 1.6 million people have been displaced as a result of the ongoing Israeli attacks on Gaza since the latest round of the conflict started on October 7, according to a Saturday statement by the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. Join CGTN for updates on the conflict.
2023-10-22: Netanyahu Warns Hezbollah Against New War Front - Hezbollah will make “the mistake of its life” if it starts a war with Israel, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday, as tensions continue to surge on the Israel-Lebanon border.
2023-10-22: Israeli military says mistakenly hit Egyptian position near Gaza border - Several Egyptian border guards sustained minor injuries on Sunday after being accidentally hit by fragments of a shell from an Israeli tank, a spokesperson for the Egyptian army said.
2023-10-22: What was and is India's Position on Palestine? - For the last few days, Israel has been carrying out heavy bombings and attacks on the people of Palestine. What has been India's position on the conflict between Israel and Palestine? How and why does it seem to be changing today? Senior journalist Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay talks to senior journalist Anand K Sahay in this issue of 'Itihaas Ke Panne'.
2023-10-22: 16 BSE small-cap stocks rallied 15-29% last week; Nucleus Software Exports gained the most - The Indian equity benchmark indices finished Friday's trade lower, with the Nifty 50 declining by 0.42% to settle at 19,542, and the S&P BSE Sensex losing 0.35% to finish at 65,397. The stocks came under pressure during the trade due to concerns about potential interest rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve, the surge in bond yields, and the ongoing war between Israel and Palestine, all of which weighed on investor sentiment.
2023-10-22: Israeli kills dozens of Hamas militants including two commanders in overnight strikes - As Israeli airstrikes continued to pound Gaza, dozens of Hamas militants were killed in overnight strikes at the Strip, including two commanders of the 'Nukhba' (elite) forces. According to the Israel Defence Forces, one of the militants was the deputy commander of Hamas' rocket array.
2023-10-22: BREAKING: Israeli Defense Forces Tank ‘Accidentally’ Hits Egyptian Military Post Near Border - An Israeli tank accidentally fired and hit an Egyptian military post near the Kerem Shalom crossing, the Israeli Defense Forces said on Sunday afternoon.
2023-10-22: Pentagon amps up posture in Middle East in response to ‘escalations’ - WASHINGTON, VATICAN CITY: The US warned against any “escalation” in the Middle East in the wake of Israel’s war with Hamas, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said on Sunday, hours after the Pentagon moved to step up military readiness in the region.
2023-10-22: The ‘Rules of War’: Have Hamas and Israel already broken them? - (NewsNation) — International law specifies what countries can and can’t do during wartime. Both Israel and Hamas have been accused of breaking them.
2023-10-22: 'Won't hesitate' to act if Middle East conflict escalates: US defence chief - The United States warned against any "escalation" in the Middle East in the wake of Israel's war with Hamas, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said Sunday, hours after the Pentagon moved to step up military readiness in the region. Israel-Hamas War: An Israeli man wearing a prayer shawl prays next to houses destroyed by Hamas militants in Kibbutz Be'eri, Israel.(AP)
2023-10-22: Atif Aslam contributes PKR15 million as aid for Gaza - In a heartwarming gesture of generosity, celebrated and beloved Pakistani singer Atif Aslam has stepped forward to make a substantial contribution of PKR15 million towards essential medical and food aid for Gaza, Palestine. The singer's benevolent donation comes at a time when the region is grappling with trying circumstances, and his act of kindness has been acknowledged with deep gratitude by the organisation to which he donated.
2023-10-22: JMA says field hospital for Gaza in the works as healthcare system on verge of collapse - Palestinians evacuate a wounded man after an Israeli strike near an United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA) school in Khan Yunis, in the southern Gaza Strip on Saturday (AFP photo by Mahmud Hams)
2023-10-23: Released hostages arrive in Tel Aviv; Gaza health ministry says death toll tops 5,000 - Yocheved Lifshitz, 85, who was held as hostage by Palestinian Hamas militants, is seen in this handout picture obtained by Reuters on October 23, 2023, as Hamas announced she was going to be released.
2023-10-23: Exclusive: Israel aims for decisive action against Hamas, says Israeli PMO spokesperson - Israel's unwavering objective is the total defeat of Hamas, Eylon Levy, spokesperson of the Israel Prime Minister's Office (PMO), told CNBC-TV18 in an exclusive interview on Monday, October 23. The country's intention comes in the wake of the devastating events on October 7 when Hamas militants launched a brutal attack within Israel, resulting in the tragic loss of over 1,400 lives.
2023-10-23: Defending Palestine duty of all followers of Abrahamic religions: Iran’s FM - The Iranian foreign minister has written a letter to the Holy See’s Secretary for Relations with States, stressing that “in these critical and decisive moments” all the followers of Abrahamic religions are duty-bound to rise in defense of the Palestinian people’s rights and lives.
2023-10-23: UAV launched from Lebanon makes it to occupied Haifa Bay - The Israeli occupation forces say they intercepted a drone that infiltrated from Lebanon over the bay of Haifa.
2023-10-23: Hamas Vows To Kill and Capture Israeli Soldiers if They Enter Gaza: Report - Amid the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas, Hamas has reportedly owed to kill and capture Israeli soldiers. As per a report by Al Arabiya, Hamas has vowed to kill and capture Israeli soldiers if they enter Gaza. The development comes as Israeli warplanes are striking targets across Gaza ahead of an expected ground offensive in the besieged Hamas-ruled territory. Fears of the Israel-Hamas war widening have grown after Israel struck targets in the occupied West Bank, Syria and Lebanon even traded fire with Lebanon's Hezbollah militant group. Israel Strikes Across Gaza, Including Areas Where Palestinian Civilians Seek Refuge After Allowing Another Small Aid Convoy Into the Besieged Enclave.
2023-10-23: On The Frontlines: Unmasking The Horrors Of Hamas - India Today's Shiv Aroor is currently on the ground in a warzone, providing comprehensive coverage of various fronts. His reporting ranges from covering hostage crises to visiting locations such as Kibbutz Be'eri. In his latest report, he delivers a first-hand account of the harrowing situation involving Hamas, shedding light on the horrors unfolding in the region.
2023-10-23: Egypt, Iran discuss Gaza conflict amid Israeli airstrikes - The foreign ministers of Egypt and Iran discussed the Gaza conflict on Monday amid Israeli airstrikes on the Palestinian Territory, Anadolu Agency reports.
2023-10-23: Opinion | Why the World Is Watching Iran - The Middle East could be on the verge of a regional conflagration. That’s in stark contrast to the atmosphere of just a few weeks ago, when the Biden administration was working on sealing a historic deal between Saudi Arabia and Israel that it hoped would stabilize a region long convulsed by war and sectarianism.
2023-10-23: Times Network In War Zone: Israel Warns To Amp Up Strikes - Times Network In War Zone: Israel Warns To Amp Up Strikes
2023-10-23: EU’s foreign policy chief Borrell backs pause in Israel-Hamas war - Josep Borrell says getting more aid to Gaza is ‘most important thing’ as bloc debates humanitarian pause.
2023-10-23: Live: Latest developments in Palestine-Israel conflict, Day 18 - The latest escalation in the Palestine-Israel conflict enters its 18th day on Tuesday. Scores of Palestinians were killed in central Gaza on Sunday after Israel stepped up its airstrikes and another convoy of 17 aid trucks arrived in the Hamas-controlled enclave. Israel launched missile attacks on Damascus and Aleppo airports early on Sunday and struck two Hezbollah cells in Lebanon on Monday. Join CGTN for further updates on the conflict.
2023-10-23: Stop American weapons from killing civilians in Gaza - Following Hamas atrocities in Israel earlier this month, the Israeli government mounted a counteroffensive in which it reportedly dropped 6,000 bombs on Gaza — an area about double the size of Washington, D.C., with triple the population — in the first several days. Many aspects of the Israeli campaign raise serious international law concerns. Regardless of Hamas’ war crimes, the Israeli government is bound to comply with the law of armed conflict. As the leading provider of weapons and military aid to Israel, the United States bears special responsibility for international law violations and harm to civilians.
2023-10-23: Oil drops after weekly gain amid diplomatic moves to contain Israel-Hamas conflict; Brent at $91/bbl - Oil prices declined on Monday, October 23, as investors continued to focus on the situation in the Middle East, where diplomatic efforts are intensifying in an attempt to contain the conflict between Israel and Hamas. European Union leaders will call for a humanitarian pause in the conflict so that support can reach Palestinians in Gaza, with the leaders of France and the Netherlands set to visit Israel this week.
2023-10-23: Hamas 'are using civilians and children as human shields and placing rocket launch sites beside a kindergarten, schools and a mosque', according to Israeli satellite images - Hamas 'are using civilians and children as human shields and placing rocket launch sites beside a kindergarten, schools and a mosque', according to Israeli satellite images
2023-10-23: IDF intercepts drone from Lebanon near Acre - (October 23, 2023 / JNS)
2023-10-23: Breaking News | Israeli Defence Force (IDF) Publishes Aerial Images Of Hamas Rocket Launchers - Breaking News | Israeli Defence Force (IDF) Publishes Aerial Images Of Hamas Rocket Launchers
2023-10-23: Israel-Palestine War: Israeli Tank 'Accidentally' Fired at Egyptian Military Post, Egypt Says Minor Injuries Reported - Joe Biden in a social media post said, “Israel has the right to defend itself. We must make sure they have what they need to protect their people today and always. At the same time, Prime Minister Netanyahu and I have discussed how Israel must operate by the laws of war. That means protecting civilians in combat as best as they can.”
2023-10-23: Is Israel's Conduct In The Israel-Hamas Conflict A Violation Of International Law? | Blueprint - Is Israel's Conduct In The Israel-Hamas Conflict A Violation Of International Law? | Blueprint
2023-10-23: Israel fires on Egypt-Gaza border, France allows pro-Palestine demos - Smoke rises following Israeli strikes at the border with Egypt, as seen from Rafah, southern Gaza Strip October. /Ibraheem Abu Mustafa/Reuters
2023-10-23: Pakistani singer Atif Aslam contributes Rs15 million to Palestinian relief - Pakistani singer Atif Aslam has contributed Rs15 million ($54,547) to the Al-Khidmat Foundation Pakistan, a Pakistani charity, to support the residents of Gaza who are currently under siege, as announced by the charity organization this week, reports Arab News.
2023-10-23: WHO urges Israel to withdraw evacuation order for hospitals - The World Health Organisation has urged Israel to withdraw its evacuation order for hospitals in northern Gaza.
2023-10-23: The Real Gaza Hospital Crisis - The media firestorm over whether Israel attacked the al-Ahli hospital in Gaza is over. It was an errant rocket shot by the Iran-backed Islamic Jihad group that exploded near the compound. But another media firestorm is brewing, and it will focus squarely on the Al-Shifa hospital in Gaza City. Al-Shifa is the largest hospital in Gaza. It is also, according to numerous and credible reports, a Hamas base of military operations.
2023-10-24: Israel demands UN chief resign after he says Hamas attacks ‘did not occur in vacuum’ - Israeli officials railed at UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres Tuesday after he appeared to suggest the impetus for the Hamas terror group’s devastating October 7 attack on Israel was the Jewish state’s continued control of Palestinian territories, with the Israeli Ambassador to the UN demanding that he resign.
2023-10-24: Israel’s war of self-deceit - When has killing more Palestinians ever resulted in better security for the Israeli society?
2023-10-24: Nehru’s Word: How British imperialism created the Palestine problem - The Jews are a very remarkable people. Originally, they were a small tribe—or several tribes—in Palestine, and their early story is told in the Old Testament of the Bible. Rather conceited they were, thinking themselves as the Chosen People. But this is a conceit in which nearly all people have indulged.
2023-10-24: Hamas Rocket Site Right Next To UN Building In Gaza, Claims Israel. Watch Where Else It Hides Them - Hamas Rocket Site Right Next To UN Building In Gaza, Claims Israel. Watch Where Else It Hides Them
2023-10-24: Nearly two-thirds of Gaza's health facilities ceased functioning: UN - Nearly two-thirds of Gaza's health facilities have ceased functioning amid a massive and deadly increase in Israeli airstrikes in the territory, the World Health Organization said Tuesday.
2023-10-24: Israel regime launches aggressive attacks on Southern Lebanon - According to the reports, the Zionist regime has simultaneously targeted the three villages of Aitaroun, Maroun al-Ras, and Tal Al-Nahhas in Lebanon.
2023-10-24: Israel strikes 400 targets in Gaza, as Hezbollah fires anti-tank missiles - Seth Frantzman is reporting from Israel.
2023-10-24: Experts decode lies about the Israel-Hamas war - Experts say there has been an unprecedented number of fake claims about the Israel-Hamas war circulating online. Bellingcat's open-source investigators showed us how they find out the truth.
2023-10-24: Macron's proposal to fight Hamas with anti-ISIS coalition not practical, experts say - Live updates: Follow the latest news on Israel-Gaza
2023-10-24: 'Not fit to lead UN': Israeli envoy demands resignation of Antonio Guterres over remarks on war - Israel's Ambassador to the United Nations, Gilad Erdan, has demanded the resignation of the organisation's Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, saying that he is "not fit to lead the UN" and is showing understanding for a "campaign of mass murder".
2023-10-24: French President Macron arrives in Israel on solidarity visit - French President Emmanuel Macron, center, meets with Israeli-French nationals who have lost loved ones, as well as families of hostages, at the Ben Gurion airport, in Tel Aviv. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena, Pool)
2023-10-24: India joined the information warfare on Gaza. Now it must prepare for tougher times - The bombing of Gaza is now in its third week. Israel continues to kill and wound several thousand innocent civilians and destroy infrastructure, including mosques, hospitals, residential buildings, schools, UN premises, refugee camps, and any asset that it suspects of harbouring armed groups. Simultaneously, Gaza has been deprived of energy, food, water, and healthcare, for which it depended on Israel. Israel has also mobilised its armed forces, including land, maritime, and air power, which are poised to invade Gaza. It has called for the evacuation of the northern part of Gaza.
2023-10-24: What do we know about Israeli captives taken by Hamas and their release? - More than 200 people, including civilians and military personnel, are still being held in different locations in Gaza.
2023-10-24: Don't want war with Iran, but..': Antony Blinken on concerns over attack by Iran-backed groups - The US doesn't seek to conflict with Iran, but it would act swiftly and decisively if Iran or its proxies attacks US personnel anywhere, warned the United States Secretary of State Antony Blinken at the UN Security Council on the Israel-Gaza conflict held on Tuesday.
2023-10-24: 'Like Anne Frank...': Israeli PM draws parallel between Hamas surprise attack, Holocaust - The scathing attack of Hamas on Israel was the worst since America's 9/11, but for Israel it was the worst act of anti-semitic violence since the holocaust, said Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu as he drew parallel between Hamas surprise attack and massacres by the Nazis.
2023-10-24: Macron proposes that anti-Islamic State coalition fight Hamas - October 25, 2023 02:19 am | Updated 02:19 am IST - JERUSALEM
2023-10-24: Iran’s ayatollahs play the Middle East’s most dangerous game - The warning signs that Israel’s war with Hamas may become a wider Middle East conflagration are flashing ominously. America has sent a second carrier strike group led by the USS Eisenhower to the Persian Gulf. “There’s a likelihood of escalation," said Antony Blinken, the American secretary of state, on October 22nd. The chances of further attacks by Iranian proxies on American forces are growing, he continued: “We don’t want to see a second or third front develop."
2023-10-24: No one above law: UN chief on Gaza bombing; Israel says resign - UN chief Antonio Guterres on Tuesday asserted that no party to an armed conflict is above international humanitarian law as he expressed deep alarm over the “relentless bombardment” of the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip by Israeli forces and appealed to all to “pull back from the brink” before the violence escalates even further.
2023-10-24: Iran, China and Russia: Where they stand on the Israel-Hamas war - Israeli Air Force release footage of mortar bomb being used
2023-10-24: Israel-Hamas War: French President Emmanuel Macron Visits Tel Aviv After Biden, Sunak And Meloni - French President Emmanuel Macron, who has backed Israel's "right to defend itself" after the October 7 attack by Hamas, arrived in Tel Aviv on Tuesday. The French leader is in Israel to express his country's solidarity and hold meetings with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu amid the ongoing war.
2023-10-24: US Accused of War Crimes in Gaza - UNITED NATIONS: The widespread use of American weapons by Israel, which has killed thousands of civilians in Gaza, has triggered accusations of war crimes against the United States.
2023-10-24: Breaking News | French President Emmanuel Macron Visits Israel | Israel Palestine Conflict | World News - Breaking News | French President Emmanuel Macron Visits Israel | Israel Palestine Conflict | World News
2023-10-24: French President Emmanuel Macron arrives in Israel - French President Emmanuel Macron arrived in Tel Aviv on Tuesday, joining a list of world leaders to visit the war-torn nation since the October 7 Hamas attack.
2023-10-24: Crude oil deficit to high inflation: How can the Israel-Hamas war impact Indian economy? — Explained - The current geopolitical conflict in the Middle East due to the ongoing war between Israel and Palestinian terrorist group Hamas has brought fresh global headwinds for the Indian economy. Ever since the war broke out earlier this month, international crude oil prices have risen over 5 per cent and US bond yields have breached the 5 per cent-mark to hit 16-year high levels.
2023-10-24: Gaza's medical system in dire need of aid as conflict continues - Al-Shifa Hospital, located west of Gaza City, is one of the largest medical institutions in the northern Gaza Strip. Since the outbreak of the Palestine-Israel conflict on October 7, the hospital has received a large number of injured people, and has virtually turned itself into a refuge for displaced people. Now the medical resources in the hospital have completely run out. The medical workers hope that medical supplies can arrive in the Gaza Strip as soon as possible.
2023-10-24: Energy Market Implications of the Israel/Hamas Conflict - The 7 October Hamas attacks on Israel will have oil market repercussions if the conflict widens to include Hezbollah or Iran. There will likely be calls to ratchet up sanctions enforcement on Iranian oil exports, which have increased in the past 6 months. Normalization talks between Saudi Arabia and Israel could be suspended amid deepening Israel/Palestinian conflict, closing off an important avenue of US/Saudi cooperation. A key issue to watch in the weeks and months to come is whether disrupted oil supplies from Iran or a sustained oil price increase will alter Saudi Arabia’s plans to unwind its production cuts.
2023-10-24: Gaza’s health system completely collapses: Palestinian Health Ministry - The Gaza Strip’s health system has completely collapsed, the Palestinian Ministry of Health in Gaza announced on Tuesday.
2023-10-25: Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut Responds To 'Hamas' Remark In Fiery Exchange - Sanjay Raut, a member of the Shiv Sena (UBT) party, responded to the Maharashtra chief minister's statement that Eknath Shinde "himself is Hamas" and that the Shiv Sena group led by Uddhav Thackeray is capable of collaborating with "Hamas and Lashkar-e-Taiba for their own selfishness" on Wednesday by claiming that Eknath Shinde is Hamas.
2023-10-25: Eknath Shinde says, 'Uddhav may embrace Hamas, AIMIM, LeT' - On Tuesday (24th October), Maharashtra’s chief minister Eknath Shinde addressed Shiv Sena’s traditional annual Dussehra meeting at the Azad Maidan in South Mumbai. In his speech, he criticised Uddhav Thackeray. Addressing a huge rally at Shiv Sena’s Dussehra rally at Azad Maidan, without naming Thackeray, Shinde said he had stabbed Bal Thackeray in the back by dishonesty with his ideological heritage. Eknath Shinde said that Uddhav Thackeray left the Hindutva ideology long ago and can now even embrace Islamic terrorist outfits like Hamas.
2023-10-25: Uddhav Thackeray Criticizes Chief Minister Eknath Shinde for Party Defection — Transcontinental Times - INDIA. Mumbai: In a fiery address during a grand Dussehra rally at the historic Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Maidan in Dadar, Central Mumbai, Shiv Sena Party President Uddhav Balasaheb Thackeray lashed out at Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath Shinde for defecting from the party and forming a coalition with the BJP to govern Maharashtra.
2023-10-25: Don't want to take these names but Eknath Shinde himself is Hamas: Sanjay Raut - Uddhav Sena leader Sanjay Raut said he does not want to take the names of Hamas, Lashkar, or Hizbul as they don't matter in India and especially in Maharashtra but Eknath Shinde himself is Hamas. This was in counter of Maharashtra chief minister Eknath Shinde's Dussehra speech in which he said he won't be surprised if Uddhav Thackeray allies with Asaduddin Owaisi or even 'hug terrorist organisations such as Hamas, Hizbul Mujahideen, Lashkar-e-Toiba' for selfish motives and chair. Sanjay Raut said Eknath Shinde himself is Hamas after the chief minister on Tuesday said he won't be surprised if Uddhav Thackeray hugs Hamas.
